README.md, before:

# Swift-Week-View
An iOS calendar library for displaying calendar events in a week view.

<p align="center">
	<img src="Media/screen1.png" width="30%" height="auto">
	<img src="Media/screen2.gif" width="30%" height="auto">
</p> 

## Features
- See calendar events in a week view
- Asynchronously load calendar events
- Infinite horizontal scrolling
- Snaps to closest day after scrolling

## Usage
### 1. WeekView Data Source
Create some subclass of `WeekView`'s data source for creating events, `WeekViewDataSource`. Override the `generateEvents` function. This function should return a list of `WeekViewEvent`s specific to the day of `date`. See [here](malcommac.github.io/SwiftDate/manipulate_dates.html#dateatunit) for [SwiftDate](https://github.com/malcommac/SwiftDate) documentation on creating date objects at specific times. Currently, events rely on a [24-hour clock](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/24-hour_clock).

```Swift
class DS: WeekView.WeekViewDataSource {
    override func generateEvents(date: DateInRegion, completion: (([WeekViewEvent]) -> Void)?) -> [WeekViewEvent] {
        // create a WeekViewEvent for the day of date
        let start = date.atTime(hour: 12, minute: 0, second: 0)!
        let end = date.atTime(hour: 13, minute: 0, second: 0)!
        let event: WeekViewEvent = WeekViewEvent(title: "Lunch", startDate: start, endDate: end)
        return [event]
    }
}
```

> #### Note:
> - Events are added to the view asynchronously by default. This means you can make blocking calls in the generateEvents function, and the events will still play nicely with everything else.
> - The optional completion handler is currently `nil`, but in future will provide funcitonality to make non-blocking calls to fetch data for events, since some API calls by nature are non-blocking and don't have the ability to be synchronous. 

### 2. Initialize the instance
Create an instance of `WeekView`, then add it as a subview.

```Swift
let weekView: WeekView = WeekView(frame: frame, dataSource: DS(), visibleDays: 5)
view.addSubview(weekView)
```
> #### Available arguments
> - frame: the frame of the calendar view
> - eventGenerator: an instance of an EventGenerator that overrides the generateEvents function.
> - visibleDays: an instance of a ViewCreator subclass that overrides the createViewSet method.
> - date: (Optional) the day `WeekView` will initially load. Defaults to the current day.
> - startHour: (Optional) the earliest hour that will be displayed. Defaults to 09:00.
> - endHour: (Optional) the latest hour that will be displayed. Defalts to 17:00.

## Dependencies
### [SwiftDate](https://github.com/malcommac/SwiftDate), via [Cocoapods](https://cocoapods.org)
```ruby
pod 'SwiftDate', '~> 4.0'
```

## Example
See the included example for basic implementation. Make sure to open the `.xcworkspace` for it to work properly with CocoaPods.

## Up Next
- Initialize a WeekView within the storyboard
- Ability to scroll vertically through the full hours of the day. 

## Acknowledgements
Inspired by [Android-Week-View](https://github.com/alamkanak/Android-Week-View) after it became a large part of a school project.

Commit message:

Organize files
Due to hard links and how Xcode saves files, the Source/ directory fell behind and was not up to date. Now, the relevant files lie within the source directory and Xcode will reference that directory when building the Example project. Therefore, it's important that the entire repository is downloaded in order to use the example project.

README.md, after:

# Swift-Week-View
An iOS calendar library for displaying calendar events in a week view.

<p align="center">
	<img src="Media/screen1.png" width="30%" height="auto">
	<img src="Media/screen2.gif" width="30%" height="auto">
</p> 

## Features
- See calendar events in a week view
- Asynchronously load calendar events
- Infinite horizontal scrolling
- Snaps to closest day after scrolling

## Usage
### 1. WeekView Data Source
Create some subclass of `WeekView`'s data source for creating events, `WeekViewDataSource`. Override the `generateEvents` function. This function should return a list of `WeekViewEvent`s specific to the day of `date`. See [here](malcommac.github.io/SwiftDate/manipulate_dates.html#dateatunit) for [SwiftDate](https://github.com/malcommac/SwiftDate) documentation on creating date objects at specific times. Currently, events rely on a [24-hour clock](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/24-hour_clock).

```Swift
class DS: WeekView.WeekViewDataSource {
    override func generateEvents(date: DateInRegion, completion: (([WeekViewEvent]) -> Void)?) -> [WeekViewEvent] {
        // create a WeekViewEvent for the day of date
        let start = date.atTime(hour: 12, minute: 0, second: 0)!
        let end = date.atTime(hour: 13, minute: 0, second: 0)!
        let event: WeekViewEvent = WeekViewEvent(title: "Lunch", startDate: start, endDate: end)
        return [event]
    }
}
```

> #### Note:
> - Events are added to the view asynchronously by default. This means you can make blocking calls in the generateEvents function, and the events will still play nicely with everything else.
> - The optional completion handler is currently `nil`, but in future will provide funcitonality to make non-blocking calls to fetch data for events, since some API calls by nature are non-blocking and don't have the ability to be synchronous. 

### 2. Initialize the instance
Create an instance of `WeekView`, then add it as a subview.

```Swift
let weekView: WeekView = WeekView(frame: frame, dataSource: DS(), visibleDays: 5)
view.addSubview(weekView)
```
> #### Available arguments
> - frame: the frame of the calendar view
> - eventGenerator: an instance of an EventGenerator that overrides the generateEvents function.
> - visibleDays: an instance of a ViewCreator subclass that overrides the createViewSet method.
> - date: (Optional) the day `WeekView` will initially load. Defaults to the current day.
> - startHour: (Optional) the earliest hour that will be displayed. Defaults to 09:00.
> - endHour: (Optional) the latest hour that will be displayed. Defalts to 17:00.

## Dependencies
### [SwiftDate](https://github.com/malcommac/SwiftDate), via [Cocoapods](https://cocoapods.org)
```ruby
pod 'SwiftDate', '~> 4.0'
```

## Example
See the included example for basic implementation. Make sure to download the *entire* repository, and then open the `.xcworkspace` for it to work properly with the Source files and CocoaPods.

## Up Next
- Initialize a WeekView within the storyboard
- Ability to scroll vertically through the full hours of the day. 

## Acknowledgements
Inspired by [Android-Week-View](https://github.com/alamkanak/Android-Week-View) after it became a large part of a school project.
